Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 6) (#15043)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/dealing_with_files/index.md

That is about it for now. Your folder structure should look something like this:

> ![A file structure in Mac os x finder, showing an images folder with an image in, empty scripts and styles folders, and an index.html file](file-structure.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A file structure in macOS finder, showing an images folder with an image in, empty scripts and styles folders, and an index.html file](file-structure.png)
```
